docs: update docs to include bare metal SNP (#846)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/components/runtime.md

Instead, containerd invokes a custom plugin called `containerd-shim-contrast-cc-v2`.
This shim is described in more detail in the [upstream source repository](https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/tree/3.4.0/src/runtime) and in the [containerd documentation](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/core/runtime/v2/README.md).

> ### virtual machine manager (VMM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Virtual machine manager (VMM)
```

The `containerd` shim uses a virtual machine monitor to create a confidential virtual machine for every pod.
On AKS, `containerd` uses [`cloud-hypervisor`](https://www.cloudhypervisor.org).

> On bare metal, `containerd` uses [`QEMU`](https://www.qemu.org/).

Reviewer: This reads to me as if `containerd` would choose the VMM. I'd prefer to have "Contrast uses".

> The appropriate files need to be installed on every node (responsibility of the [`node-installer`](#node-installer-daemonset)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The appropriate files need to be installed on every node (which is the responsibility of the [`node-installer`](#node-installer-daemonset)).
```

> The appropriate files need to be installed on every node (which is the responsibility of the [`node-installer`](#node-installer-daemonset)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The appropriate files are installed on every node by the [`node-installer`](#node-installer-daemonset).
```

> ### snapshotters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Snapshotters
```

> Contrast uses special [`containerd` snapshotters](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/v1.7.16/docs/snapshotters/README.md) to provide container images to the pod-VM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contrast uses [`containerd` snapshotters](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/v1.7.16/docs/snapshotters/README.md) to provide container images to the pod-VM.
```

Each snapshotter consists of a host component that pulls container images and a guest component used to mount/pull container images.

On AKS, Contrast uses the [`tardev`](https://github.com/kata-containers/tardev-snapshotter) snapshotter to provide container images as block devices to the pod-VM.
The `tardev` snapshotter uses [`dm-verity`](https://docs.kernel.org/admin-guide/device-mapper/verity.html) to protect the integrity of container images.
Expected `dm-verity` container image hashes are part of Contrast runtime policies and are enforced by the kata-agent.

> On bare metal, Contrast uses the [`nydus`](https://nydus.dev/) snapshotter to allow the guest to pull container images securely.

Reviewer 2: This could be a bit more explicit about how images are downloaded directly into the guest, as nydus-snapshotter can do a lot of things. Also, please change the link to nydus-snapshotter repo, as we aren't using nydus itself.

> In all cases, hashes of the container images are stored in the Contrast runtime policies to enable workload attestation. Read [the chapter on policies](policies.md) for more information.

Reviewer 2: Is that true? I don't think we implemented that for nydus yet.

Author: I was under the impression that the guest component that pulls the image would use the hash from the `io.kubernetes.cri.image-name` annotation, and that that's why @burgerdev fixed those libraries that didn't actually enforce the hash.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9f7cf3b2-8d39-4110-9c76-9dfb65616bf0)

Is this wrong?

Author: Hm, no, this can't possibly be the right hash because nydus uses a completely different hashing scheme (it kind of needs to because of all the lazy loading that makes it impossible to compute a hash over the entire data).

Reviewer 2: There is no lazy-loading involved. The hash is would be verified, but we didn't pull in the distribution patch, and we also don't have any enforcement yet that images must have a digest.

Author: > There is no lazy-loading involved.

Why not? AFAICT, the FUSE daemon running inside the pod VM checks the integrity of the content lazily as it is accessed.

> The hash is would be verified, but we didn't pull in the distribution patch,

What patch are you referring to?

> and we also don't have any enforcement yet that images must have a digest.

Right, I was under the impression that we did because I always saw hashes in the deployments during testing, but that's just an artifact of the image replacements file.

> And we are still using allow-all policy.

Sure, but we won't by the time we release bare metal.
